ur call:
1.       Walk through the trackers
2.       Make a plan for indicating how/where they are applied.
3.       When/how to merge the branches into US Core.




Blokc Vote 1 - (25)
fit for teleconf (5)
E - discuss with BM  (2)
  added link Synthea to Block Vote QA
  add value set for manifestation  -  no action

MedStatement poll commenters feedback

- follow up and implement suggestions  review in offline email and possibly on call since no emails save for poll :-(

  1. Update http://build.fhir.org/ig/argonautproject/R4/branches/master/all-meds.html#background-on-the-fhir-medications-resources to indicate that evern though FHIR provides 5 resources, we are only using two. And update http://build.fhir.org/ig/argonautproject/R4/branches/master/all-meds.html#medicationrequest-provenance to say that we do *not* use FHIR's MedicationStatement here (even though it appears in scope for anyone reading about FHIR MedicationStatement) -- maybe even including a bit of rationale, but at least stating the design choice explicitly.

  added text to clarify only using two.  (hold off on rationale for now - possible add as a footnote although is very technical and deep and doubt will be beneficial to anyone but HL7 insiders)

  1. Our only concern is that it will still be straightforward to support OTC meds. If this can easily be done with MedicationRequest, that would be preferred. If not, we should keep MedicationStatement for that purpose.

  Added definition of medications to guidance section to make clear includes OTC etc, Provided example of self-reported OTC so show how.  IMO no more difficult for source systems to represent this way vs using MedStatement.  (1) Creating 2 ways two represent the same thing is worse for interop and (2) MedStatement is not able to be used for both since Pharm broke the Data model for R4 and (3) Vendors are already developing and implementing it this way.

  1. Keep in US Core and support at the level specified in previous versions of the specification. Not all medications on a patient's med list are prescribed, and it's over-prescriptive to force all medications into a prescribed medication format with all of it's must-support elements.

  Don't understand the comment about "prescribed medication format with all of it's must-support elements".  Can be more specific? using only inline code or Medication resource for both ethical drugs and OTCs.  No difference in how represent them?

 - go to Pharmacy
   Goal is for Pharmacy accept we are going ahead with our design based us vender input and development even though it is not their preferred approach.

  - planned block vote

Missing code Feedback from poll - follow up offline and on next call

(1) The current approach is clear, and these are conveying two different kinds of reasons. What would be the rationale for trying to combine them?

(2) Unsupported and Unknown are distinct concepts. If there is confusion on when to use one over the other, then add narrative describing the difference.

(3) "Expected to exist but not known" and "Not capable of supporting this element" are two different concepts and both should be available to indicate precisely what's happening on the server. Include both in the code system.

Background: The code "unsupported" was inherited from DSTU2 specifically for using when a code was not available and we recommended using the DAR.  This guidance was incorrect for codes and thus updated.   http://www.fhir.org/guides/argonaut/r2/definitions.html

For uncoded elements "unsupported - The source system wasn’t capable of supporting this element" is thus a legacy artifact and is not appropriate for must support elements since we say you must support them!

For codes, the concept 'unknown' is consistent with most FHIR value sets that have such a concept  - e.g.  http://build.fhir.org/valueset-observation-status.html and argument could be made to support both however.

codes for encounter type adds.  Does CPT cover these concepts?  onus on commenter to provide codes or recommended system.  time crunch maked infeasible

review what has been pre-applied and update.  - point to Argo Build.

Migration to US Core - Build

after tracker resolution..

Outstanding:

 - Provenance
   - review provenance notes - todo
   - organization is key
   - custom search parameter instead of _revinclude

- Multi-Patient
   - get Josh on call with multiple patients - done

    Move DQ to 21st 2-3 Call

   - Ask is to support patientless queries

     see Chris' summary

   - remove mulipleOr guidance?
- what to say about Bulk Data? if anything:


trial run of a Merge.

todo clarify if missing status scenario.... remove '?' done

US Core contract. ( 2 parts )  - done

Connectathon?



Will post Block Vote on Sunday, to List  cc commenters., on Zulip too....
    Scheduled for this thursday 8 AM Pacific SD Call.

Slicing Patterns - check with Brett before change

future argo topics

- Do we want to discuss on how resources from an R4 endpoint could provide a reference to its DSTU-2 sibling? Patient has an obvious candidate with `link`. It would be real beneficial to be able to know which resource it used to be (or maybe even “will be” if forward-pointing from DSTU-2 to R4 endpoints).

- Future transitions like R4 → R5: do we think there is anything we can do today so that future migrations will be easier on the auth front? Given today’s SMART spec I don’t think there is but I’m wondering out loud.

time zones in FHIR?  - https://chat.fhir.org/#narrow/stream/179175-argonaut/topic/Language

fix US core name see https://chat.fhir.org/#narrow/stream/179175-argonaut/topic/Don't.20want.20to.20be.20picky.2E.20Is.20this.20R4.20or.20STU3.20page.3F

Need to decide on style for profile - add types so they display in bold or remove so they are grayed out if not different from core
